VOLUNTEER DATA PROVISION AGREEMENT

DATED {DATE}

BETWEEN

Pierce Zhang ({PIERCE_ZHANG_EMAIL}) and Alex Biyanov ({ALEX_BIYANOV_EMAIL}), hereinafter referred to
as the "Developers";

AND

{VOLUNTEER_NAME} ({VOLUNTEER_EMAIL}), hereinafter referred to as the "Volunteer."

DEFINITIONS

For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them
below:

1.1. "Likeness Data" shall mean any and all data that constitutes an embodiment or representation of
the Volunteer's Likeness. For the purposes of this Agreement, "Likeness" shall include, but not be
limited to, the Volunteer's (i) visual appearance, encompassing photographic, video, and other
visual representations of their face and body; and (ii) other distinctive personal attributes,
characteristics, or indicia that serve to identify the Volunteer physically. Likeness Data may be
derived from: (a) data of the types specified by Volunteer in Appendix A attached hereto
("Volunteer-Specified Data Types"), which Volunteer may, at their discretion, elect to provide to
Developers; and (b) any and all images, recordings, and data embodying Volunteer's Likeness that are
publicly accessible or available from public sources, which Developers may independently obtain.

1.2. "Platform" shall mean the MLEG software operated and developed by the Developers.

1.3. "Purpose" shall mean the singular purpose of training the Platform to generate consistent
character imagery, as intended by Developers and expressly acknowledged by Volunteer. Any and all
uses of Likeness Data beyond the scope of this defined Purpose are strictly prohibited.

1.4. "Term" shall mean the effective duration of this Agreement, commencing on the Date first
written above and continuing until terminated in accordance with Article 6 herein.

DATA SPECIFICATION, ACQUISITION, AND LICENSE GRANT

2.1. Data Specification. Volunteer shall be entitled to specify the types of data that represent
their Likeness in Appendix A attached hereto, which may encompass, without limitation, photographs,
videos, textual annotations, metadata, and any other form of information deemed relevant by
Volunteer. Volunteer acknowledges and agrees that there is no obligation on their part to provide
data of these specified types to Developers, and that Developers are authorized to independently
acquire Likeness Data from publicly available sources.

2.2. License Grant. Volunteer hereby grants to Developers, for the Term and solely for the Purpose,
a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to utilize, process, modify,
adapt, analyze, and reproduce Likeness Data, irrespective of its origin or source, exclusively for
the purpose of training the Platform. This license is expressly and unequivocally limited to the
Purpose as defined herein and shall not be construed to confer any other rights, express or implied,
upon Developers.

2.3. Reservation of Intellectual Property Rights. It is explicitly agreed and understood that
nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed as effectuating a transfer of ownership
of any intellectual property rights inherent in the Likeness embodied within the Likeness Data from
Volunteer to Developers. Developers explicitly acknowledge and agree that Volunteer retains all
rights, title, and interest in and to their Likeness.

VOLUNTEER RIGHTS AND CONTROLS

3.1. Data Specification Control. Volunteer shall retain the right to specify and modify the
Volunteer-Specified Data Types detailed in Appendix A, subject to reasonable limitations and upon
provision of written notice to Developers outlining any such modifications. Developers hereby
acknowledge and shall respect Volunteer's inherent right to determine the scope, nature, and extent
of the Volunteer-Specified Data Types.

3.2. Consent for Use Beyond Purpose. Any and all utilization of Likeness Data by Developers that
extends beyond the explicitly and precisely defined Purpose shall be contingent upon obtaining
express, specific, and fully informed written consent from Volunteer, which consent may be granted
or withheld at Volunteer's sole and unfettered discretion. No consent shall be implied or inferred
from any act, omission, or statement. This consent mandate shall be applicable to all Likeness Data,
irrespective of its source.

3.3. Data Review Rights. Volunteer shall have the right, exercisable upon reasonable prior written
notice to Developers, to request a summary detailing the sources of Likeness Data utilized by
Developers and to engage in discussions with Developers regarding their compliance with all terms
and conditions stipulated within this Agreement.

3.4. Right to Withdraw Data Use Consent. Volunteer reserves the right, at any time and for any
reason or no reason, to withdraw their consent for the prospective future use of Likeness Data. Upon
Developers' receipt of formal written notice of such withdrawal from Volunteer, Developers shall be
obligated to immediately cease any and all further utilization of Likeness Data acquired subsequent
to the date of such notice. Developers shall fully comply with the data destruction obligations as
articulated in Section 6.2 herein with respect to any Volunteer-provided data in their possession.
With respect to publicly available Likeness Data acquired prior to the effective date of the
withdrawal notice, Developers shall undertake commercially reasonable efforts to cease further
utilization of such data in Platform training within a commercially reasonable timeframe.

3.5. Confidentiality of Volunteer-Provided Data. Developers shall maintain the strictest
confidentiality with respect to any and all Likeness Data actively provided by Volunteer to
Developers. Developers are expressly prohibited from disclosing, distributing, or otherwise making
available such Volunteer-provided data to any third party, individual, or entity without the
express, explicit, and prior written consent of Volunteer. The foregoing confidentiality obligations
shall not apply to publicly available Likeness Data, and shall be subject to exceptions only where
disclosure is strictly mandated by applicable law, in which event Developers shall provide Volunteer
with prompt and timely notice to afford Volunteer the opportunity to seek protective orders or other
appropriate relief.

DEVELOPERS' OBLIGATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS

4.1. Limited Use. Developers' utilization of Likeness Data shall be strictly and exclusively limited
to the Purpose. Any application, exploitation, or use of Likeness Data for any other purpose
whatsoever, including but not limited to commercialization, product development extending beyond the
Platform, or any objective not directly and unequivocally related to training the Platform to
generate consistent characters, is prohibited.

4.2. Data Security Measures. Developers shall implement and maintain commercially reasonable
security measures and protocols designed to protect Likeness Data, and specifically any Volunteer-
provided data, from any and all forms of unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, or
destruction, whether accidental or intentional.

4.3. Transparency and Reporting Obligations. Developers shall, upon receipt of a reasonable request
from Volunteer, furnish Volunteer with a comprehensive and general report outlining the modalities
by which Likeness Data has been sourced and the manner in which it has been utilized for training
the Platform.

4.4. Restrictions on Derivative Works. Developers are expressly prohibited from creating any
derivative works based upon, incorporating, or utilizing Likeness Data, except to the strict extent
necessary and indispensable for the singular Purpose of training the Platform. For purposes of
clarification, any outputs, results, or generated content of the Platform arising from or utilizing
Likeness Data shall not be deemed or construed as derivative works for the purposes of this clause,
but shall nonetheless remain subject to all restrictions on use and other provisions as delineated
throughout this Agreement. Developers are further prohibited from utilizing Likeness Data to train
any other machine learning model, platform, or technology, without obtaining explicit, separate, and
duly executed written consent from Volunteer for each such discrete instance of proposed use.

4.5. Prohibition on Sub-licensing or Transfer. The limited license extended to Developers under
Section 2.2 is explicitly personal and specific to Developers and shall not, under any
circumstances, be sub-licensed, assigned, delegated, or transferred to any third party, whether
directly, indirectly, by operation of law, or otherwise, without securing the express, explicit, and
prior written consent of Volunteer, which consent may be withheld in Volunteer's sole discretion.

WARRANTIES

5.1. Volunteer Warranties. Volunteer hereby represents and warrants that they possess the full legal
right, capacity, and authority to specify the Volunteer-Specified Data Types and to grant the
licenses as expressly set forth in this Agreement with respect to any Volunteer-provided data.

5.2. Developers Warranties. Developers hereby represent and warrant that they shall utilize Likeness
Data solely and exclusively for the Purpose, and in full compliance with all applicable laws,
statutes, ordinances, regulations, and the terms and conditions definitively articulated within this
Agreement.

TERM AND TERMINATION

6.1. Term. This Agreement shall become effective as of the Date first written above and shall
persist for an initial term of {TERM_MONTHS} months (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated
in accordance with the provisions of this Article 6. Following the Initial Term, this Agreement
shall automatically renew for successive terms of equal duration to the Initial Term, unless and
until either party provides formal written notice of non-renewal to the other party at least
{NONRENEWAL_DAYS} days prior to the impending expiration date of the then-current term.

6.2. Termination by Volunteer. Volunteer shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement at any time,
with or without cause, by providing formal written notice of termination to Developers. Upon
effectuation of termination by Volunteer, Developers shall, within {TERMINATION_DAYS} days of formal
receipt of such termination notice, at Volunteer's exclusive and sole discretion, elect to either:
(a) return to Volunteer all Volunteer-provided data then in Developers' possession or control,
delivered in a mutually agreed upon secure digital format; or (b) securely and permanently destroy
all Volunteer-provided data in Developers' possession or control and furnish Volunteer with a formal
written certification attesting to and evidencing such complete and irreversible destruction. Upon
termination by Volunteer, Developers shall, with immediate effect, cease any and all new acquisition
and utilization of publicly available Likeness Data, and shall further cease all use of any
Volunteer-provided Likeness Data and any outputs directly derived or generated from Volunteer-
provided data.

6.3. Termination by Developers. Developers shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement upon
provision of {TERMINATION_DAYS} days advance written notice to Volunteer, contingent upon
Developers' determination that they no longer require Likeness Data for the Purpose. Upon
termination by Developers, Developers shall fully comply with the data return or destruction
obligations as set forth in Section 6.2 herein with respect to any and all Volunteer-provided data.

6.4. Survival. Articles 1, 2.3, 3, 4, 6.2, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13 shall survive any termination
of this Agreement, irrespective of the cause for or nature of such termination.

INDEMNIFICATION

7.1. Indemnification by Developers. Developers shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Volunteer, and Volunteer's affiliates, officers, directors,
employees, agents, successors, and assigns (collectively, the "Volunteer Indemnified Parties") from
and against any and all claims, actions, demands, suits, proceedings, liabilities, damages, losses,
judgments, settlements, costs, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys'
fees and disbursements) actually incurred or sustained by the Volunteer Indemnified Parties, arising
out of or relating to: (a) any breach, violation, or non-performance of any covenant,
representation, warranty, or agreement by Developers under this Agreement; (b) any utilization,
application, or exploitation of Likeness Data by Developers in a manner not expressly authorized or
permitted by this Agreement; or (c) the operation, functionality, or performance of the Platform or
Developers' business activities.

7.2. Indemnification by Volunteer. Volunteer shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Developers, and Developers' affiliates, officers, directors,
employees, agents, successors, and assigns (collectively, the "Developer Indemnified Parties") from
and against any and all claims, actions, demands, suits, proceedings, liabilities, damages, losses,
judgments, settlements, costs, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys'
fees and disbursements) actually incurred or sustained by the Developer Indemnified Parties, arising
out of or relating to: (a) any breach, violation, or non-performance of any covenant,
representation, warranty, or agreement by Volunteer under this Agreement; or (b) Volunteer's lack of
legal right, title, power, or authority to specify the Volunteer-Specified Data Types or to grant
the licenses expressly set forth in this Agreement with respect to Volunteer-provided data.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

8.1. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY AND UNEQUIVOCALLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT,
LIKENESS DATA IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "WHERE IS" BASIS, AND DEVELOPERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES,
REPRESENTATIONS, OR GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET
ENJOYMENT, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO LIKENESS DATA, ALL OF WHICH ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

8.2. LIMITATION ON DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL
EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF
REVENUE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF DATA, OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE),
WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR
EQUITABLE THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE LIKENESS DATA, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY EVENT, DEVELOPERS' TOTAL CUMULATIVE AND AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO VOLUNTEER
ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, EXCEED THE
TOTAL AMOUNT OF ANY DIRECT COMPENSATION ACTUALLY PAID BY DEVELOPERS TO VOLUNTEER UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO
THE APPLICABLE CLAIM.

GOVERNING LAW

9.1. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be exclusively governed by, construed, and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and of the United States of America, without giving
effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of the
laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Texas and the United States of America.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION

10.1. Dispute Resolution. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this
contract, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be settled by arbitration in
accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

11.1. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including all appendices and exhibits attached hereto,
constitutes the complete, exclusive, and fully integrated agreement and mutual understanding between
the parties with respect to the specific subject matter hereof. This Agreement definitively
supersedes and extinguishes all prior or contemporaneous discussions, correspondence, negotiations,
communications, representations, warranties, or agreements, whether oral or written, between the
parties concerning the subject matter hereof.

AMENDMENTS

12.1. Amendments. No alteration, modification, or amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall
be valid, binding, or enforceable unless and until such amendment is expressly set forth in a formal
written document that is duly executed by authorized representatives of both parties. No course of
prior dealing or trade usage shall be relevant to amend, supplement or explain any term used in this
Agreement.

NOTICES

13.1. Notices. All notices, requests, demands, waivers, consents, and other communications required
or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly given only if (a) delivered personally, (b) sent by certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (c) transmitted via reputable, nationally recognized
overnight courier service, with all delivery charges prepaid, in each case, properly addressed as
set forth below:

If to Developers:
Pierce Zhang
{PIERCE_ZHANG_ADDRESS}

Alex Biyanov
{ALEX_BIYANOV_ADDRESS}

If to Volunteer:
{VOLUNTEER_NAME}
{VOLUNTEER_ADDRESS}

or to such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other party from time to
time in accordance with this Section 13.1. Notices shall be deemed effective upon receipt, or
refusal of receipt.

SEVERABILITY

14.1. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is judicially determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall
be automatically severed, struck, and rendered null and void ab initio, and the remaining provisions
of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect, and shall be construed and enforced as if
such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. To the maximum
extent permissible under applicable law, the parties shall, in good faith, endeavor to negotiate and
replace such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision with a valid, legal, and enforceable
provision that most closely and faithfully approximates the original commercial and economic intent
and effect of the stricken provision.

FORCE MAJEURE

15.1. Force Majeure. Neither party shall be responsible or have any liability for any failure or
delay in performing any of its obligations under this Agreement to the extent such failure or delay
is directly and proximately caused by a Force Majeure Event. "Force Majeure Event" shall mean and
encompass any event, occurrence, or circumstance beyond a party's reasonable and direct control, and
which is not foreseeable or preventable through the exercise of reasonable diligence, including, but
not limited to, acts of God, acts of war (declared or undeclared), terrorism, civil or military
disturbances, riots, insurrections, fire, unusually severe floods, earthquakes, major epidemics,
quarantine restrictions, energy crises, embargoes, acts of government (whether de jure or de facto),
strikes, lock-outs, labor disputes, or failures or disruptions of the internet or other essential
public utility services.

COUNTERPARTS

16.1. Counterparts. This Agreement may be validly executed in any number of counterparts, each of
which, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed an original, and all of which shall together
constitute one and the same fully-integrated instrument and agreement. For all purposes, a facsimile
or electronic copy (e.g., PDF) of a signature shall be deemed to be and function as an original
signature with the same force and effect as a manually executed original signature.


---

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Volunteer Data Provision Agreement to be duly
executed as of the Date first written above.

DEVELOPERS:

_______________________________
Pierce Zhang

_______________________________
Alex Biyanov

VOLUNTEER:

_______________________________
{VOLUNTEER_NAME}

---

Appendix A: Volunteer-Specified Data Types

{VOLUNTEER_DATA_TYPES}
